Add descriptions for each item in limits and triggers table (#889)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/tools/pages/limits_and_triggers.adoc

The gas limit for Starknet blocks is inherited from the gas limit for Ethereum blocks.
====

> ## Max transaction size (Cairo steps)

Reviewer: Change all # headings to AsciiDoc = headings.

Author: Done

The maximum number of computational steps, measured in Cairo steps, that a transaction can contain when processed on the Starknet network.

This limit is important for ensuring the efficient execution of transactions and preventing potential congestion.

## Max contract bytecode size / Number of felts in the program

The maximum size of the bytecode or program that a smart contract can have on Starknet.

> Bytecode is the low-level code that smart contracts are composed of. Limiting this size helps manage the complexity of contracts and the overall efficiency of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytecode is the low-level code that comprises smart contracts. Limiting this size helps manage the complexity of contracts and the overall efficiency of the network.
```

Author: Done
